### Notes on Reinforcement Learning.


I will be writing some notes for the learning paradigm where you reinforce rewarding behaviour into an agent.<br>
Hope this helps someone getting introduced to RL (and me too).<br>


### Motivation :

Imagine you are an early man wandering alone deep inside an unknown terrain. You encounter a forest with many brightly coloured berries vastly spread across the landscape.
This environment is completely new to you and unfortunately, you are starving. You taste a red berry and it causes a skin irritation to you. However, it does not diminish your hunger and you
move on to taste a blue berry. You find it tasty but you are distracted by many orange berries around them. You taste one of those and it hurts your stomach. You go on to try many differently
coloured berries and resolve in your mind that berries which are red(~_ish_) are bad and blue(~_ish_) berries  are good. You now communicate this _policy_ to you community and thanks to you,
I am now enjoying a blue-berry yoghurt right now while writing this post.<br>
_What was this paradigm of learning?_
Did the early man find physiological differences in the berries just based on their colour?<br>
Did the early man hear this pattern of effect from other people? <br>

This paradigm of learning is called reinforcement learning. The umbrella for making an _agent_ (early man) learn a _policy_ (blue berries are good while red berries are bad) from some _rewards_ (
upsetting stomach and skin irritation) obtained by interacting with an _environment_(whole observable and tangible forest landscape). <br>

Let us now formalize this. <br>
(_Note this lecture is titled **RLO** because it serves as a birdseye view for the entire RL landscape_)

